(BOLT-1381) Audit the hands-on lab and restructure the lesson directory (#1041)
puppetlabs/bolt: docs/_lab/10-deploying-an-application/index.md

1. Clean up the old version of the application.

## Prerequisites

For the following exercises you should have Bolt installed and have four
Linux nodes available. The following guides will help:

- [Acquiring Nodes](../02-acquiring-nodes)
- [Writing Tasks](../05-writing-tasks)
- [Writing Advanced Plans](../09-writing-advanced-plans)

## Acquire nodes 

This lesson requires four nodes. If you set up nodes in [Lesson 2](../02-acquiring-nodes), you need to provision an extra node.

### Provision Extra Nodes on Vagrant
If you set up nodes in Vagrant in Lesson 2, run:

```bash
NODES=4 vagrant up
```
> Note: Vagrantfile looks for environment variable `NODES` for number of centos nodes to provision.
> Set environment variable based on your shell, for example in bash: `export NODES=4`. 

Update your SSH config to include the new node.

```bash
vagrant ssh-config --host node4 | sed /StrictHostKeyChecking/d | sed /UserKnownHostsFile/d >> ~/.ssh/config
```

> ### Provision Extra Nodes on Docker

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Provision Extra Nodes with Docker
```

> If you set up nodes in Docker in Lesson 2, run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you set up containers with Docker in Lesson 2, run:
```
